README.md, before:

# Projeto_Ice_Cream


  Building a responsive mobile-first web page using the prototype layout available in figma.
Reinforcing my knowledge of HTML and CSS GRID apply concepts and what was seen in
the Step 2 Step 3 versions apply to the design, animations and transitions in CSS.


-----

  Watch it in action Deploy: [Click Here](https://ludiemert.github.io/Projeto_Ice_Cream//)
  
  <img height="300px" src="https://github.com/ludiemert/Projeto_Ice_Cream/blob/main/.github/preview.png">

------
What was developed:

- Structuring HTML with semantic tags;
- Mobile First;
- I challenged myself and applied Responsiveness with CSS GRID;
- Flexible measurement unit;
- Breakpoints with media media query;
- Import external CSS file into the project;
- Applying custom fonts (typography) in the CSS file and starting the external CSS;
- Working with colors and fonts;
- Aligning and positioning, spacing texts and elements;
- Applying the spacing;
- Borders and element classifications;
- The Box Model concept of CSS flexbox and applying CSS GRID;
- CSS animations and transitions;
- Use CSS variables to manipulate the project's color palette and fonts;
- Reset CSS removing possible inconsistencies between different browsers;
- Project file system structure separated by folder;

------

I applied my knowledge of the Explorer from Rocketseat concepts in a practical way 
to this project, with the lessons:

- Introduction to HTML and CSS;
- Getting to know new concepts of HTML and CSS;
- Advancing in HTML and CSS;
- Responsiveness;
  
-----

- [EXPLORER - Rocketseat](https://www.rocketseat.com.br/explorer)
- [Design Figma - Space Cream Mobile](https://www.figma.com/file/drBBktNRdtCIUiN4cZk4yo?node-id=0:1)
- [Design Figma - Space Cream Desktop](https://www.figma.com/file/pddZCuQIRLjk5dEHQ4L4YR?node-id=0:1)

-------

## ✒️ Authors

 * **Rocketseat**

- ## My LinkedIn - [![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-lucianadiemert-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/lucianadiemert/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lucianadiemert/)


### Contato

<img align="left" src="https://www.github.com/ludiemert.png?size=150">

### [**Luciana Diemert**](https://github.com/ludiemert)

🛠 `Frontend` Developer Jr. <br>
📍 São Jose dos Campos – SP - Brazil

<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/lucianadiemert" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn Badge" height="25"></a>&nbsp;<a href="mailto:lucianadiemert@gmail.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=flat&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Gmail Badge" height="25"></a>&nbsp;<a href="#"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%237289DA.svg?logo=discord&logoColor=white" title="LuDiem#0654" alt="Discord Badge" height="25"></a>&nbsp;<a href="https://www.github.com/ludiemert" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub Badge" height="25"></a>&nbsp;

<br clear="left"/>


------------------

## 🎁 Acknowledgements and dedications

* Thank you Rocketseat team

Commit message:

style: "add style in readme"
add style in the readme to complete the activity requested by the team in Stage 07.

README.md, after:

# Project_Ice_Cream
  
  Stage 03 of the Explorer Track, applying the knowledge acquired in HTML and CSS GRID, concepts and what was studied in Stage 2 Stage 3 apply to the design, animations and transitions in CSS.
  
  Building a responsive mobile-first web page using the prototype layout available in figma.


-----

  Watch it in action Deploy: [Click Here](https://ludiemert.github.io/Projeto_Ice_Cream//)
  
  <img height="300px" src="https://github.com/ludiemert/Projeto_Ice_Cream/blob/main/.github/preview.png">

------
What was developed:

- Structuring HTML with semantic tags;
- Mobile First;
- I challenged myself and applied Responsiveness with CSS GRID;
- Flexible measurement unit;
- Breakpoints with media media query;
- Import external CSS file into the project;
- Applying custom fonts (typography) in the CSS file and starting the external CSS;
- Working with colors and fonts;
- Aligning and positioning, spacing texts and elements;
- Applying the spacing;
- Borders and element classifications;
- The Box Model concept of CSS flexbox and applying CSS GRID;
- CSS animations and transitions;
- Use CSS variables to manipulate the project's color palette and fonts;
- Reset CSS removing possible inconsistencies between different browsers;
- Project file system structure separated by folder;

------

I applied my knowledge of the Explorer from Rocketseat concepts in a practical way 
to this project, with the lessons:

- Introduction to HTML and CSS;
- Getting to know new concepts of HTML and CSS;
- Advancing in HTML and CSS;
- Responsiveness;
  
-----

- [EXPLORER - Rocketseat](https://www.rocketseat.com.br/explorer)
- [Design Figma - Space Cream Mobile](https://www.figma.com/file/drBBktNRdtCIUiN4cZk4yo?node-id=0:1)
- [Design Figma - Space Cream Desktop](https://www.figma.com/file/pddZCuQIRLjk5dEHQ4L4YR?node-id=0:1)


-----


## ✒️ Authors

 **Rocketseat**

- ## My LinkedIn - [![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-lucianadiemert-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/lucianadiemert/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lucianadiemert/)



-----



## 🎁 Acknowledgements and dedications

* Thank you Rocketseat team


-----


### Contato

<img align="left" src="https://www.github.com/ludiemert.png?size=150">

### [**Luciana Diemert**](https://github.com/ludiemert)

🛠 `Frontend` Developer Jr. <br>
📍 São Jose dos Campos – SP - Brazil

<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/lucianadiemert" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn Badge" height="25"></a>&nbsp;<a href="mailto:lucianadiemert@gmail.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=flat&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Gmail Badge" height="25"></a>&nbsp;<a href="#"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%237289DA.svg?logo=discord&logoColor=white" title="LuDiem#0654" alt="Discord Badge" height="25"></a>&nbsp;<a href="https://www.github.com/ludiemert" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub Badge" height="25"></a>&nbsp;

<br clear="left"/>
